---
layout: post
title: "Courses Taken at Harvard"
date: 2025-12-12 17:00:00 -0500
categories: [education]
---
## Courses Taken at Harvard

For the interested, here are the technical courses I've taken at Harvard, listed in order of influence on me. For Harvard undergrads, feel free to email me about any of these courses!

### Bachelors in Computer Science

GPA: 3.94 <!-- 4 + 4 + 4 + 3.75 + 4 + 4 + 3.5 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4-->

- MIT6.S982 (Graduate: Deep Learning: Audited)
- CS2790R (Graduate: Seminar on Human Computer Interaction)
- CS143 (Computer Networks)
- CS145 (Networking at Scale: Audited)
- CS226 (Graduate: Distributed Systems): Received only full mark Final project in the class on Fault Tolerance in Distributed ML
- MIT 6.5930 (Graduate: Hardware Architecture for Deep Learning)
- MIT 6.S98s (Graduate: Diffusion: Theory and Practice)
- CS2241 (Graduate: Algorithms at the End of the Wire)
- CS128 (Convex Optimization in Machine Learning)
- CS136 (Economics and Computation)
- CS61 (Systems Programming)
- CS124 (Algo. and Data Structures)
- CS1060 (Software Engineering with GenAI)
- CS1200 (Introduction to Theoretical Computer Science)

### Masters in Statistics

GPA: 3.91 <!-- 3.75 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 3.75 + 3.75-->

- Stat220 (Graduate: Bayesian Data Analysis)
- Stat288 (Graduate: Deep Learning and Earth Observation)
- Stat188 (Differential Privacy)
- Stat210 (Graduate: Probability Theory I)
- Stat212 (Graduate: Probability Theory II)
- Stat211 (Graduate: Statistical Inference I)
- Stat242 (Graduate: Time Series)
- Stat111 (Statistical Inference)

### Math

GPA: 3.92 <!-- 4 + 4 + 3.75 -->

- Math55a/b (Honors Real/Complex Analysis and Linear Algebra)
- Math123 (Algebra II: Groups and Rings)

### Unintuitively Great Courses

- SLAVIC148: Strange Russian Writers (Has the best reading list ever and makes me want to goto all Soviet Bloc countries)
- GENED1136: Power and Politics, China (Wow. Kirby and Bol are really, really knowledgeable. They helped me appreciate the greatness of true historians. It is also a refreshingly rigorous GENED.)
- STAT288: Deep Statistics. (Xiao-Li is GOATED).
- COMPSCI143: Computer Networking. (Networking is beautiful, and HT Kung is legendary.)

### Bad Courses

I have had the pleasure of attending courses (to complete graduation requirements) that I very much disliked. Weirdly, they helped me understand myself more than the good courses, [via negativa](https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/12199316-via-negativa-the-principle-that-we-know-what-is-wrong). Here is a thank you list:

- Expos20: Is it Okay To Be A Luddite (Oh I dislike it for so many reasons—it being a compulsory course, that the subject should be interesting, and that the structure was just horrible. I did meet Matthew Kotzbauer here and bonded over how bad the course is.)
- CS1060: Software Engineering with GenAI (I love Christopher but I don't think Software Engineering should be taught. There were also so, so many tiny quizzes and attendance and homework it was dystopian.)
- HUM20: A Colloquium in the Visual Arts (I had the best section Professor and section leader ever. However, I found that I had zero interest in writing essays about the visual arts, of which this course had plenty. I just wanted to look and enjoy them.)

### Miscellaneous

I also took a course on Non-fiction Filmmaking at Harvard. I got the lowest grade out of all courses I've taken. I don't blame them. I was so bad at making films.
